refactor transactions implicit mode (#38284)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/_includes/transactions.md

### Implicit Transactions {#implicit}

The rules below describe **server** behavior when **one** YQL script is executed and the client **does not explicitly** select one of the [transaction modes](#modes) in the query settings and does not use a scenario with explicit transaction control (see [setting the mode in the {{ ydb-short-name }} SDK](../../recipes/ydb-sdk/tx-control.md)). Typical entry points where the query is sent to the server as a single script:

* [Embedded UI](../../reference/embedded-ui/index.md) — the **Query** tab on the database page ([query form](../../reference/embedded-ui/ydb-monitoring.md#tenant_scheme)); you can choose a transaction mode in the execution settings; for a normal run without a separate explicit transaction, implicit-transaction logic applies.

> * [{{ ydb-short-name }} CLI](../../reference/ydb-cli/index.md) — a one-off script via [`ydb sql`](../../reference/ydb-cli/sql.md). For [`table query execute`](../../reference/ydb-cli/table-query-execute.md), `data` queries use the [`--tx-mode`](../../reference/ydb-cli/table-query-execute.md#options) parameter: the default is `serializable-rw`, which corresponds to *Serializable* in the [transaction modes](#modes) terminology. That is explicit CLI configuration and should not be confused with the server-side DDL/DML classification for implicit transactions below.

Author: Грамматическая ошибка: "That is explicit CLI configuration" — пропущен артикль, и "That" лучше заменить на "This" (указывает на только что упомянутое в том же предложении).

```suggestion
* [{{ ydb-short-name }} CLI](../../reference/ydb-cli/index.md) — a one-off script via [`ydb sql`](../../reference/ydb-cli/sql.md). For [`table query execute`](../../reference/ydb-cli/table-query-execute.md), `data` queries use the [`--tx-mode`](../../reference/ydb-cli/table-query-execute.md#options) parameter: the default is `serializable-rw`, which corresponds to *Serializable* in the [transaction modes](#modes) terminology. This is an explicit CLI configuration and should not be confused with the server-side DDL/DML classification for implicit transactions below.
```
